Update qchem documentation (#2454)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/chemistry.rst

.. code-block:: python

    from pennylane import qchem
    from pennylane import numpy as np

    symbols, coordinates = (['H', 'H'], np.array([0., 0., -0.66140414, 0., 0., 0.66140414]))
    h, qubits = qchem.molecular_hamiltonian(symbols, coordinates)

where:

* ``h`` is the qubit Hamiltonian of the molecule represented as a PennyLane Hamiltonian, and

* ``qubits`` is the number of qubits needed to perform the quantum simulation.

> The :func:`~.molecular_hamiltonian` function can be also used to construct the molecular Hamiltonian
> with a non-differentiable backend that uses the
> `OpenFermion-PySCF <https://github.com/quantumlib/OpenFermion-PySCF>`_ plugin interfaced with the
> electronic structure package `PySCF <https://github.com/sunqm/pyscf>`_. The non-differentiable
> backend can be selected by setting `method='pyscf'` in :func:`~.molecular_hamiltonian`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :func:`~.molecular_hamiltonian` function can be also used to construct the molecular Hamiltonian
with an external backend that uses the
`OpenFermion-PySCF <https://github.com/quantumlib/OpenFermion-PySCF>`_ plugin interfaced with the
electronic structure package `PySCF <https://github.com/sunqm/pyscf>`_, which requires separate installation.
This backend is non-differentiable and can be selected by setting `method='pyscf'` in :func:`~.molecular_hamiltonian`.
```

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    from pennylane import qchem
    from pennylane import numpy as np

    dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=4)

    symbols, coordinates = (['H', 'H'], np.array([0., 0., -0.66140414, 0., 0., 0.66140414]))
    hamiltonian, qubits = qchem.molecular_hamiltonian(symbols, coordinates)

    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def circuit(params):
        qml.BasisState(np.array([1, 1, 0, 0]), wires=[0, 1, 2, 3])
        qml.DoubleExcitation(params, wires=[0, 1, 2, 3])
        return qml.expval(hamiltonian)

    params = np.array(0.0, requires_grad=True)
    circuit(params)

> The circuit parameter can be optimized using the machine learning interface of choice

Reviewer 2: I think we can simply mention `interface` instead of `machine learning interface`.

> The circuit parameter can be optimized using the machine learning interface of choice
> until the energy difference between two consecutive iterations has converged to near zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The circuit parameter can be optimized using the machine learning interface of choice.
```
